let's talk today about
how to correct with glazes
let's say we want to modify this
blue color that we have in the background
we can of course apply the paint
opaquely covering and
but the problem with this is that it creates
an effect like of plasta
that is our layer
it's too flat or even
something we can do to avoid this
is to apply a glaze that is to dilute
a little bit our color to have a
more transparent color
we can dilute the paint with a medium
Quick drying like liquid or with
a combination of 50% solvent and 50%
linseed oil
as you see here this technique is
letting see a little the texture and the
color that is below and you do not create a
effect so even or so flat
of course we can give this layer with
different nuances or different
tonalities
for example here I can darken a
a little more
and this is going to do that in our layer
also have a little more of
qualities and of and of wealth
okay
now this way of correcting with
glazes works for us if we want
slightly modify some tone
for example darken or
or slightly modify the color
but if we wanted to correct something of the
figure
for example to cut the tip of this
banana
so there we are going to need a
Covering color to cover
perfectly
the shape
okay
If you have any doubt, you can leave
down here in the comments and we
we see in the following video